`azurerm_kusto_cluster` - Fixes `virtual_network_configuration` block (#28249)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/kusto_cluster.html.markdown

A `virtual_network_configuration` block supports the following:

~> **NOTE:** Currently removing `virtual_network_configuration` sets the `virtual_network_configuration` to `Disabled` state. Restoring the `virtual_network_configuration` with the same configuration will set the `virtual_network_configuration` to `Enabled` state.

* `subnet_id` - (Required) The subnet resource id. This property could not be changed after the cluster is created.

* `engine_public_ip_id` - (Required) Engine service's public IP address resource id. This property could not be changed after the cluster is created.

> * `data_management_public_ip_id` - (Required) Data management's service public IP address resource id. This property could not be changed after the cluster is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `data_management_public_ip_id` - (Required) Data management's service public IP address resource id. This property cannot be changed after the cluster is created.
```
